So, I remember coming in the  front door,
and somebody gave you a towel.
I think you got a key.
And I think there was, like, wristbands.
I think, I think, I think, I think.
And then there was different areas–.
You could sign up to get a tour.
I know I signed up for the tour thing because
I remember one of the things on the tour was
being shown the labyrinth with the glory holes
and all us girls having a good little giggle
over that. [laughs] And...
And then there was a sauna, the steam room,
the hot tub, the swimming pool.
There was a room to get photos.
There was a room to see the priestess or the
goddess, I can’t remember what her title was,
where you could have a private one-on-one session.
There was a dance area.
There was a sling room too.
So yeah, lots of different things going on.
And I do remember getting a tour because I
was a newbie.
They encouraged the newbies to go for the tour.